---
dg-publish: false
tags: logs/travel
place: 
---
# 2023-08-22
---
Today is the last day, and it's certainly going to be a long one. Indeed, it's going to be a day of transport, and since we probably won't be able to sleep in transit, it's going to be a day of more than 24 hours.

Let's start at the beginning. 8am, wake up. We take our time packing what we still have to pack, and leave the Bellagio to return the rental car. We stop for breakfast on the way.

Once we've returned the car, we take the first shuttle bus to a larger shuttle stop, where this time we can catch the shuttle that will take us to the right terminal at the airport. 12pm, we arrive at the airport, and we're a little early. We had originally planned to arrive at 12:30.

We drop off our luggage and go through the various checks, which goes pretty quickly, and means we're ready at 1pm, and waiting to board until 3pm. At 3.30pm, the plane takes off, and we're off for a 9.5-hour flight.

We arrive in Amsterdam after this long flight, this time ahead of schedule, unlike the outward journey. We had to wait 2 hours for our flight to Paris. Fortunately, it goes by very quickly, and our plane for Paris takes off promptly. The flight from Amsterdam to Paris is very quick, taking just an hour, and we're back in France by 1 pm.

From here, all we have to do is pick up the car from the airport parking lot, and drive quietly home.

So that's the end of this trip, which has been one of the best and most beautiful I've ever had. It lived up perfectly to my expectations and to what I imagined the American West would be like, and even surpassed anything I could have imagined.