---
dg-publish: false
tags: logs/travel
place: "Moab"
---
# 2023-08-07
---
Day 7, almost a week already. It's going by too fast! After a good night's sleep, we take our time and wake up slowly. We've got plenty of time, as today's schedule isn't very busy.

We're going to spend the day in Canyonlands, a fairly large park offering desert-like, almost Martian landscapes. We start with a short hike ending with a viewpoint over the canyon. We notice a blue/white surface at the bottom, and it's only later that we realize it's salt marshes.

There's always that ambient heat, with a temperature above 38°C, or about 100°F, because here in America we speak in Farheneight. On top of that, there's not a speck of wind, so conditions aren't the most pleasant.

As usual, we continue our drive, stopping regularly at various viewpoints. I'm normally the kind of person who prefers to do as much as possible on foot, but here it's not possible if you want to see everything, you have to drive a lot.

After we've eaten, we don't get straight back in the car, as there's a short hike of a few miles next door. The hike ends with a view of a hypothetical meteorite crater, or salt dome - scientists have been unable to identify its origin. The crater is hard to see, unfortunately, as we're a little too high up to see the bottom...

We return to the car, and resume our little itinerary to take in all the viewpoints in the area. From these viewpoints, we can sometimes make out the road we'll be taking on the way back, a road that crosses the desert area along the Colorado River.

So we end the day on the road I've just mentioned, which isn't actually a road at all, but simply a dirt and gravel path, 15 miles long to boot. This road begins with a descent along the mountain, which is quite dangerous because the road is too narrow for two cars, and there are no barriers on either side.

After this descent, the road becomes almost impassable, filled with stones, bumps, dirt... But we take it anyway! We've got a pretty good car, and yet it's a hellish ride, shaking us from side to side. We did the 15 miles in 1h30. But the drive was worth it, as we got to see some magnificent scenery along the Colorado River, as well as the famous salt marshes I mentioned earlier.

On top of that, we also passed a stopped train, which I was able to hop on and take some great photos.

After all that, we head back to our lodgings. It's early, so we make the most of the pool, then finish off with a restaurant before going to bed.