---
dg-publish: false
tags: logs/travel
place: 
---
# 2023-08-11
---
Another early start to watch the sunrise. It's all right, we just have to get out of our lodgings to observe the landscape, but we still arrive a little late, at 6.15 a.m. It's a nice sunrise, but I was expecting something better - we should have got up earlier.

After the sunrise, we continue with part of the South Rim Trail, a trail running along the South Rim of the Grand Canyon and taking in the main viewpoints. The advantage of doing it early is that you avoid the heat and the crowds. We're dropped off by shuttle at The Abyss, a viewpoint 8km from our arrival. This way, we hike the 8km, stopping regularly for the viewpoints.

After this hike, we climb into the car and set off for the mythical Route 66. After about 2 hours on the road, we arrive in Seligman, on Route 66. It's a quintessentially American little town, where you'd think you'd stepped back in time, or into a movie, so much of America's heritage is represented. Between the old stores, the typical restaurants and bars, the saloons, the old horse-drawn carriages, etc...

We eat in the Roadkill Cafe restaurant, where we're immediately immersed in the atmosphere. As we enter, we immediately notice two sheriffs. There's also the old saloon piano and the stuffed moose on the walls. I'm looking for something not too fatty on the menu, but it's hard to decide between a burger and a sandwich. Anyway, I sacrifice myself for today and let myself be tempted by a bacon sandwich. We take a quick look around the bar before leaving. We notice hundreds of 1-dollar bills hanging from the ceiling - what an original way to decorate!

We get out and take a quick stroll down the street. We come across an old prison and toilets, which have been restored and are now on display. Other curiosities include an old gas pump, or a cowboy made of metal...

We continue on our way to Kingman. It's a nice little town, but there's not much to it. And indeed, for us, it serves only as a transition town to get to Mojave without having too much road all at once. So we're not doing much here, since there's nothing to do. See you tomorrow for Mojave!