---
dg-publish: false
tags: logs/travel
place: "Yosemite National Park"
---
# 2023-08-16
---
After spending two days around Sequoia National Park, we headed for Yosemite National Park. So we hit the road after getting up and getting ready quickly. It's a 3-hour drive.

We arrive in Yosemite around 1 p.m., a good time for lunch, so we go straight to pick up the keys to our accommodation and eat there.

After lunch, we take the car to the starting point of our hike. We stop off at Tunnel View, one of the best viewpoints in Yosemite, but the conditions are not favorable for really appreciating this viewpoint. Indeed, the sky is very gray and it's raining. We'll come back later.

We continue on our way and park not far from Mirror Lake, the first point we intend to reach on our hike. We cover two miles through the forest before finally arriving at Mirror Lake with some disappointment. I hadn't looked at any photos before, but by the name "Mirror Lake" I imagined a very blue lake with magnificent reflections. In the end, it wasn't quite like that. The weather doesn't help either. We set off again, taking a path parallel to the one we'd taken before.

The next point we want to reach is Yosemite Falls. For that, it's quite a hike from Mirror Lake. It takes about an hour to get there. The waterfall is impressive, and quite high. There are quite a few people admiring it, which is a bit awkward for photos, but that's to be expected. In front of the waterfall, there are rocks to get closer to it, so I have fun climbing up to get a closer look. Be careful, though, it's very slippery.

We then turn around to finish our hike and get back to the car. After that, we head back to our lodgings and won't be leaving for the rest of the evening. We take the opportunity to start watching "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly", just to get into the mood.