---
dg-publish: false
tags: logs/travel
place: "Monument Valley"
---
# 2023-08-08
---
Today, we're leaving Moab after staying there for 3 days. By the looks of it, it wasn't too much 3 days here, we didn't have time to get bored.

After breakfast, we set off for the iconic Monument Valley. After 3 hours on the road, we start to see the beginning of this park belonging to the Navajo Indians.

We arrive near Forrest Gump Point, where one of the cult scenes from the film Forrest Gump was filmed. We take a few photos here, and I have fun running along the road like Forrest did.

After that, we head back into the park, hoping to do a little hiking. But unfortunately, all the trails are closed, the weather conditions being as extreme as ever: in addition to temperatures hovering around 40°C, there are strong gusts of wind, even forming small tornadoes.

So we change our plan and decide to eat first, then do the Scenic Drive that we were supposed to do at sunset.

Two hours before sunset, we hit the road again. It's a good thing we did: the colors are really more beautiful and the rocky structures are starting to express themselves and provide nice contrasts. We pass a few horses along the way, perfect for photos with the scenery behind.

By the time we get back, the sun is setting and the view from the accommodation is magnificent, with the rocks opposite blazing. We take a few photos, then head home for lunch.

We get the idea of photographing the stars tonight. Indeed, the sky is perfectly clear, the Milky Way perfectly positioned and visible to the naked eye, and the moon hidden until midnight. So we do a few tests to remind ourselves of the camera's settings, as I haven't taken photos of the night sky for several years.

Once we'd done the tests, we went inside to see what we'd come up with, and went out again at around 11 p.m., this time to take our real, beautiful photos. Very conclusive results. Looking at the photos, I notice that we can see a galaxy, which turns out to be the Andromeda galaxy. It's a funny thing to see - it's the first time I've ever seen the existence of another galaxy with my own eyes, from a picture I made!

We're back late, and we'd better get to sleep quickly if we don't want to miss the sunrise the next day.