---
dg-publish: false
tags: logs/travel
place: "Las Vegas"
---
# 2023-08-20
---
Today was another special day. We've changed our plans again because of Hurricane Hilary. Indeed, since the risk of flooding in and around Las Vegas is rather high, we prefer to get to the city as quickly as possible to make sure we don't get stuck en route and miss our plane on the 22nd. So we review our itinerary once again, prioritizing Las Vegas.

Once we'd made the calls to book the new accommodation, we set off for 300 kilometers, from Lee Vining to Las Vegas. We make just one stop along the way: the Alien Center south of Area 51. Indeed, we were obliged to stop here, as the myth of aliens at Area 51 is a staple of American folklore.

In fact, this Alien Center is a simple gift shop, but what sets it apart is that it contains nothing but alien-related objects and decor. There are alien bags, alien T-shirts and, as for the decor, a few alien statues, some of which even have names. We're back on our way after fifteen minutes or so spent observing the oddities of this store.

We arrive in Las Vegas in the early afternoon, so we start by looking for a place to eat. After lunch in an Asian restaurant, we wander around the streets of downtown Las Vegas. We had the same feeling as at the start of our roadtrip, when we'd had a quick look at Las Vegas. But it's still fun to wander the streets.

Afterwards, we took a quick trip to the Pawn Shop, a place that has become iconic thanks to the TV show Pawn Stars, which I used to watch a lot a few years ago. There are many unusual and interesting items on sale, including drawings by Picasso and rare figurines. I'm a little surprised by some of the prices, though: a Picasso drawing for $3,000 doesn't seem like much considering Picasso's reputation.

We also pass by the Wedding Chapel, which, from what I've heard, allows you to get married in an hour, at any time. It sounds crazy to me, but I find it completely out of step with France, even though this kind of marriage is recognized by France.

After that, we pick up our accommodation and take a short break. We set off again after an hour to a park 10 minutes from our accommodation. There's not much there except a small lake and a few fishermen and geese. We quickly make the turn, and visit the neighborhoods next door.

We're back when it starts raining. Indeed, don't forget that Storm Hilary is on its way, even if the weather has been relatively fine all day.