---
dg-publish: false
tags: logs/travel
place: "Page"
---
# 2023-08-09
---
At 6.15 a.m., the alarm goes off, as we don't want to miss the sunset. Fortunately, we don't need to move as our accommodation overlooks the sunset. We let the sun rise quietly while we take our photos, for a good hour.

Then I decide to go for a run, as long as it's not too hot yet. I do a 5-mile trail run. It's very tough, even though I ran a marathon a few months ago and haven't given up training, but the altitude (6000ft) makes it impossible to breathe properly. You have to deliver the same power with less oxygen. In short, these 5 miles are more than enough for me here.

Then it's off to Arizona for breakfast. Today's program includes a few viewpoints, Antelope Canyon and Lake Powell.

Our first stop is Horseshoe Bend, an horseshoe-shaped incised meander of the Colorado River. It's a nice viewpoint, but it costs $10 and is packed with tourists. We linger there for an hour as we walk around, taking photos without tourists.

Next, we take a short trip to Glen Canyon Dam. This arch-gravity dam forms Lake Powell and is one of the largest man-made water reservoirs in the US. It makes you feel really tiny next to it, and I wonder how people manage to build such structures.

After that, we eat and set off for Antelope Canyon. Our appointment for the guided tour is at 2p.m. For this visit, only the telephone and a bottle of water are allowed, no bags, no other objects, for security reasons. And so we start walking through this small canyon with its impressive relief. The weather is not good, the sky is grey, but the light inside the canyon is perfect. This allows us to take photos that look like Windows wallpapers!

The canyon tour lasts just over an hour, because it's actually quite small - we've only walked 500 metres. After that, we pick up the keys to our accommodation in Page.

After a short break, we set off for Lake Powell. It's the second-largest man-made lake in the United States, and as I said earlier, it's the result of the construction of the Glen Canyon Dam.

We end our day at a Mexican restaurant in Page, after which we fall asleep almost immediately, well fed.