---
dg-publish: false
tags: logs/travel
place: "Moab"
---
# 2023-08-05
---
6.10am, it's already time to leave. We had decided the day before to get up at this time to watch the sunrise in Bryce Canyon. We're all awake by the time the alarm goes off, still recovering from jet lag.

We get ready in a few minutes before hitting the road for Sunset Point, apparently the best place to watch the sunrise (yes, the name is misleading). And indeed, we see for ourselves, this point is just perfect for watching the sunrise. To make the most of it, you have to both watch the sunrise from the vantage point and walk a little to get back down into the canyon and enjoy different views.

The day could have ended after sunrise, given how magnificent it was, but we've still got work to do: we've got to get to Moab today, a 5-hour drive from Bryce Canyon. So we take our breakfast and leave without further ado so as not to arrive too late.

Rather than take the highway to Moab, we take a different route, which adds 2 hours to the journey (hence the 5-hour drive), but offers us some stunning scenery. So we make several stops, eventually taking around 7 hours to reach Moab.

Once in Moab, we take a short break to recuperate, then head for Delicate Arch to watch the sunset. After a short walk with a slight gradient, we reach the top, in front of the arch. It's beautiful, but very crowded. So many, in fact, that you have to queue up to take a photo under the arch. For my part, I climb around to try and find the best vantage point on the arch, and to get a photo without anyone on top.

After that, we head back down, as it's already late. A little surprise on the way back: power failure. It's a bit of a pain, but it's not as bad as all that, and it's back on again in no time.