---
dg-publish: false
tags: logs/travel
place: "Barstow"
---
# 2023-08-12
---
After catching a glimpse of Route 66, we plan to continue on it today as far as Barstow, California. But first we'll be stopping off in Mojave for a trail ride in the Kelso Dunes. I won't even mention the jet lag, as we've now got used to it and are sleeping more or less normally.

So we set off for the Kelso Dunes straight after breakfast. We take a few photos in Mojave on the way, notably of the Joshua Trees, which are native to this region and have gradually spread to other states.

We arrive at Kelso Dunes around 12 p.m. It's 40°C, and the hike is going to be complicated, so we equip ourselves well and take plenty of water. We begin the hike, which in the end is bearable thanks to the wind. The climb up the dunes is a bit physical though, as the slope is very steep, and we sink into the sand with every step, which prevents us from moving forward properly. You also have to watch out for snakes and scorpions, so watch your step carefully to avoid putting your foot in a hole where an animal is hiding.

It takes an hour to climb the dune. Once at the top, we can finally take a breather and admire the scenery. We mustn't get too dazzled either, as the sun is beating down hard, its rays reflecting off the sand. We run back down the dunes and take 20 minutes to get back to the car. We're full of sand and sweaty.

We continue on our way to Barstow, making a few stops along the way when we come across interesting viewpoints.

We arrive in Barstow at around 4 p.m., without having had breakfast. So we hurry to get the keys to our accommodation so we can have breakfast, and then take a shower to get rid of all the sand we've got on us. 

We get out again an hour later to watch the sunset. We take a road not far from Barstow, which isn't very passable, but which offers us some unique scenery. This road allows us to photograph Joshua Trees under the setting sun. Be careful, though, as the snakes start to come out at dusk.

We almost got lost on this road, as there was no GPS network and no light, but we managed to get out after an hour and ended up doing some shopping, then going home to eat and sleep.