---
dg-publish: false
tags: logs/travel
place: "Moab"
---
# 2023-08-06
---
For the 1st time of the trip, I slept well. It was about time! So the day got off to a great start. We had breakfast and set off for Arches National Park. Since this place is so crowded, we had to book in advance so we could drive through during our timeslot, which is 10 a.m. for us.

We passed through the park to reach the start of our first hike. It's a very straightforward hike that allows us to see quite a few arches, including the world's largest. On the other hand, it's really hot, so fortunately we've taken plenty of water and can refill our bottles at a fountain at the end of the hike.

We then drive up the park, stopping regularly to take in the scenery, until we reach a spot with tables and shade where we can eat.

After lunch, we continue, still making regular stops, until we arrive at the start of our second hike. It's even hotter than earlier in the day, and the sun's beating down a little more than it did this morning, so conditions aren't exactly ideal or easy to bear. But we do it anyway, taking our time and drinking plenty of water. The hike crosses a fairly wide canyon and offers us views of some pretty impressive rock formations.

Ironically, the others take a lot of breaks, which I find a little annoying, despite the heat and the sun, so I finish this hike by running. Funnily enough, I see on Strava, the app that recorded my run, that I'm the 6th fastest person in the world to have done this hike. Simply because I finished it running...

After that, we take a break at our lodgings, before setting off again at around 5.30 pm for some buggy riding. We go into the canyon with the buggy and climb almost vertical slopes, I'm really amazed by this vehicle that can go anywhere. It's even a bit scary at times. I try to drive it for an hour, and I think it's great fun! During the buggy ride, we make a few stops to enjoy the scenery. We start to drive off into the sunset.

After the buggy, it's the usual routine: dinner, then bed.