---
dg-publish: false
tags: logs/travel
place: "Bryce Canyon"
---
# 2023-08-04
---
Well, still not adapted to jet lag, it complicates things both during the day because of fatigue, but also at night, which seems longer. It's all part of the trip...

After getting up and having a quick bite to eat, we set off for Bryce Canyon. The aim is to get there quickly, as we have two hikes planned there, and not much time. We get there after 2h30 instead of 2h, as we made a few stops to admire the scenery and take photos.

It's too early to drop off our stuff at the hotel, so we leave everything in the car and take the park shuttle. We arrive near the starting point of our hike, where we've already taken in the sights. Bryce Canyon's hoodoos, large rocks whose tops look different from their bases, are very impressive, and the sun lights them up perfectly for great photos.

We begin our hike, which takes us to both the top of the canyon and the forest inside, where we stop for lunch. Then it's off again, and we finish our hike, a little exhausted because with the altitude (6,700 feet) and the difference in altitude, it's hard to breathe.

So we take a short break to drop off our belongings at the hotel before setting off again, this time by car to access all the viewpoints of Bryce Canyon. In fact, we're looking for the best place to watch the sunset. We spot a peregrine falcon along the way, as well as a few squirrels.

Then it's already sunset time, so we head back to the best vantage point we could find, Bryce Point, to take some great photos and watch the sun set for an hour.

Back to town for lunch, then back to the hotel, and finally it's already bedtime as we plan to get up early tomorrow to watch the sunrise.