---
dg-publish: false
tags: logs/travel
place: "Las Vegas"
---
# 2023-08-01
---
After having to cancel a 22-day road trip across the American West Coast because of Covid-19, it's finally decided - I'm going back. This trip is probably one of the most incredible and beautiful I'll ever make, so I'm going to take you with me.

It all starts back home in France. After a 3-hour drive to the airport, waiting to drop off luggage, and security checks, we're off. First leg: Paris -> Amsterdam, then Amsterdam -> Las Vegas, as there's no direct Paris -> Las Vegas flight.

I had a bit of a scare because the plane took off an hour late and I almost missed my connection, but in the end everything went well, and after an hour's flight, landing and customs control, I was even a little ahead in Amsterdam. 

The plane also took off late: 30 minutes. KLM are definitely not very punctual. After flying over Iceland, Alaska and Canada, we finally arrive in Las Vegas, a 10-hour flight in any case.

The first thing we notice is the temperature difference with France. You can feel the 20°C difference. After another check at customs, we can move on to the next stage: picking up the rental car. We had to take several shuttles and wait 3 hours, but we could finally get to the hotel, and marvel at the grandeur of Vegas in the process.

We take a short break at the hotel, which is huge and grandiose, with a casino and dozens of boutiques, and then head off for a quick stroll around town. The aim isn't to see everything today, since we're only passing through Vegas anyway, and we'll be back on the last day.

I'm again amazed by the Bellagio and its water show. I also rediscover my Eiffel Tower, which I left about ten hours earlier. A quick tour of the shopping malls: Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Prada... Luxury that doesn't interest me in the least.

A quick tour of the Caesars Palace, just as impressive and enormous as the rest. We grab a bite to eat, then head off again, as we've already been awake for 24 hours. And yes, with the 9-hour time difference, we've had a day longer than 24 hours.

We're off to bed, thinking about Las Vegas, a slightly unhealthy city which I find to be an apology for superficiality and consumerism, even if it is very beautiful.