---
dg-publish: false
tags: logs/travel
place: "Springdale"
---
# 2023-08-02
---
Ouch, jet lag hurts. Impossible to sleep, we're all awake at 6 a.m. after only a few hours' sleep. It's generally said that you recover an hour a day with jet lag, but if you have to wait 9 days like this, it's going to be complicated.

Anyway, we'd planned to hit the road a little later, but since everyone's awake, we pack up and head for Utah after doing a few errands for the day.

We'd planned to stop once in Springdale, right next to Zion National Park, but the weather being just right (not too hot), we stopped off at Fire Valley State Park. A stopover that was clearly worth the detour, as we got a good feel for the typical West American desert.

We took advantage of the opportunity to take two short hikes here, offering us magnificent views and landscapes. As we pass, we have fun imagining heads and animals by looking at the shape of the mountains and rocks.

We're also glad to have a good 4x4, well suited to all the roads we cover. Apart from the comfort and space to store all our gear, there are some roads that are difficult to negotiate if you don't have such a vehicle.

At the end of Fire Valley, we turn around and set off again for a 3-hour drive to Springdale. We're greeted by scenery I'd previously only seen at Disneyland Paris' Gold Mine. Our accommodation is charming, with pool, spa and gym (I'd missed it).

After a short walk in Springdale, a trip to the gym and then to the pool, it's already time to eat, and then to finish the day as fatigue catches up with us, again due to jet lag.